DOC-3264: New feature documentation for `fullpagehtml`. (#3827)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/fullpagehtml.adoc

The {pluginname} plugin provides comprehensive control over document metadata and properties. It enables users to edit HTML document metadata such as title, keywords, and description through an intuitive dialog interface. When combined with the code plugin, it also exposes the complete HTML structure including `<head>`, `<body>`, and various meta tags in the source code view.

== Interactive example

liveDemo::{plugincode}[]

== Basic setup

To add the {pluginname} plugin to the editor, add `{plugincode}` to the `plugins` option in the editor configuration.

For example:

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',  // change this value according to your HTML
  plugins: 'fullpagehtml',
  toolbar: 'fullpagehtml',
  fullpagehtml_default_doctype: '<!DOCTYPE html>'
});
----

[WARNING]
====
**Meta tags may be removed by XSS sanitization**

By default, {productname} sanitizes HTML content to protect against XSS attacks, which may remove certain meta tags from the full page HTML. If integrators experience issues with meta tags being removed, the following configuration options are available, though not advisable:

* `xss_sanitization: false` - Disables DOMPurify.

> * `valid_elements: '*[*]'` - Allows all elements and attributes.

Author: ```suggestion
* `valid_elements: '+*[*]'+` - Allows all elements and attributes.
```

> * `valid_elements: '+*[*]'+` - Allows all elements and attributes.

Author: ```suggestion
* `+valid_elements: '*[*]'+` - Allows all elements and attributes.
```

See xref:security.adoc#xss_sanitization-option[xss_sanitization option] and xref:content-filtering.adoc#valid_elements[valid_elements option] for more information.

**Preserving meta tags (advanced configuration)**

If meta tags are being removed by XSS sanitization, the editor can be configured to preserve them using one of the following approaches, though these options are **not recommended**:

.Example: using `+xss_sanitization+` to disable DOMPurify
[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'fullpagehtml',
  toolbar: 'fullpagehtml',
  xss_sanitization: false  // Disables DOMPurify, TinyMCE's built-in XSS sanitization which allows potentially unsafe HTML content to be inserted
});
----

.Example: using `+valid_elements+` to allow all elements and attributes
[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'fullpagehtml',
  toolbar: 'fullpagehtml',
  valid_elements: '*[*]'  // Allows all elements and attributes - use with caution
});
----

> ====

Author: @TheSpyder Looking for review for this section if you have time.

Reviewer: This advice isn't specific to just meta tags, also scripts and other content. And it's a bit weird to say "do this, but it's not recommended" - perhaps instead mention this comes with risks as described in the documentation for the settings (which you already linked to).

Author: @TheSpyder Suggested improvements
```suggestion
[WARNING]
====
**Certain elements may be removed by XSS sanitization**  
By default, {productname} sanitizes HTML content to protect against XSS attacks. Elements outside the HTML5 specification, such as `<script>`, are removed. Standard `<meta>` tags are preserved, but attributes not defined in the HTML5 spec (for example, the RDFa `property` attribute) require explicit configuration to be retained.

If integrators encounter issues with required elements being removed, the following configuration options are available. These options reduce security and should be used with caution:

* `xss_sanitization: false` — Disables DOMPurify and removes all XSS protections.
* `valid_elements: '*[*]'` — Allows all elements and attributes.
* `extended_valid_elements: 'meta[*]'` — Extends the schema to allow additional `<meta>` attributes (for example, RDFa `property`).

Note that `extended_valid_elements` is *additive*, so all standard elements and attributes remain valid while additional ones are permitted.

For more details, see xref:security.adoc#xss_sanitization-option[xss_sanitization option] and xref:content-filtering.adoc#valid_elements[valid_elements option].
====

.Example: disabling DOMPurify with `xss_sanitization`
[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'fullpagehtml',
  toolbar: 'fullpagehtml',
  xss_sanitization: false  // Disables TinyMCE's built-in XSS sanitization; allows potentially unsafe HTML
});
----

.Example: allowing all elements and attributes with `valid_elements`
[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'fullpagehtml',
  toolbar: 'fullpagehtml',
  valid_elements: '*[*]'  // Permits all elements and attributes; use with extreme caution
});
----

.Example: extending `<meta>` support with `extended_valid_elements`
[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'fullpagehtml',
  toolbar: 'fullpagehtml',
  extended_valid_elements: 'meta[*]'  // Permits additional <meta> attributes (such as RDFa property)
});
----

[NOTE]
====
Support for the RDFa `property` attribute on `<meta>` elements is planned for inclusion in the default {productname} schema in version 8.2. If you require this attribute now, use `extended_valid_elements` as shown above.
====
```

Note that `extended_valid_elements` is *additive*, so all standard elements and attributes remain valid while additional ones are permitted.

For more details, see xref:security.adoc#xss_sanitization-option[xss_sanitization option] and xref:content-filtering.adoc#valid_elements[valid_elements option].

.Example: disabling DOMPurify with `xss_sanitization`
[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'fullpagehtml',
  toolbar: 'fullpagehtml',
  xss_sanitization: false  // Disables TinyMCE's built-in XSS sanitization; allows potentially unsafe HTML
});
----

.Example: allowing all elements and attributes with `valid_elements`
[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'fullpagehtml',
  toolbar: 'fullpagehtml',
  valid_elements: '*[*]'  // Permits all elements and attributes; use with extreme caution
});
----

.Example: extending `<meta>` support with `extended_valid_elements`
[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'fullpagehtml',
  toolbar: 'fullpagehtml',
  extended_valid_elements: 'meta[*]'  // Permits additional <meta> attributes (such as RDFa property)
});
----

> Support for the RDFa `property` attribute on `<meta>` elements is planned for inclusion in the default {productname} schema in version 8.2. If you require this attribute now, use `extended_valid_elements` as shown above.

Author: ```suggestion
Support for the RDFa `property` attribute on `<meta>` elements is planned for inclusion in the default {productname} schema in future releases. If you require this attribute now, use `extended_valid_elements` as shown above.
```
